march 21:

The Health Ministry on Saturday morning said that a total of 275 confirmed cases of the novel coronavirus (Covid-19) have been reported from across the country. New cases of the infection have come to light from Punjab, West Bengal, and Rajasthan among other states.

As of March 21, the Covid-19 infection has claimed four lives, one each in Karnataka, Delhi, Maharashtra and Punjab. Updated last at 9 am on March 21, figures released by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare state that there are a total of 231 active Covid-19 cases in India at the moment. In addition, 22 people who tested positive for the infection have been discharged after treatment. Meanwhile, one person who tested positive for the novel coronavirus has migrated back to his/her native country.

Maharashtra leads the list with the 53 active cases of Covid-19 being reported from different parts of the state, including five other people who were cured and discharged after testing positive. An elderly lady died in Mumbai after the virus was transmitted to her by her son.

The state of Kerala has reported 40 active cases of the novel coronavirus as of yet, including the three students from Wuhan, who contracted the virus and were treated and discharged. These were the first three cases of Covid-19 in India.

In Delhi, authorities have reported 26 active cases of Covid-19. This number includes five people who tested positive in Delhi were cured while the national capital witnessed 1 novel coronavirus-related death.

Uttar Pradesh has 25 confirmed cases followed by Rajasthan with 23. This number includes nine people who tested positive for novel coronavirus in Uttar Pradesh have been treated as compared to three people in Rajasthan who were discharged after undergoing treatment.

Telangana has 19 active cases of Covid-19, including one individual who was treated after testing positive for the infection. Meanwhile, the state of Haryana has 17 confirmed cases followed by Karnataka with 16. This number includes one person who was discharged after being treated for the infection in Karnataka and an elderly man who died of the novel coronavirus in Kalaburagi earlier this year.

The Union Territory of Ladakh has 13 confirmed cases of Covid-19 followed by Gujarat with 8, and Chandigarh with 5. Meanwhile, health officials in Jammu and Kashmir have reported 4 confirmed cases of the novel coronavirus, the same as Madhya Pradesh and Uttarakhand.

Andhra Pradesh, Punjab, Tamil Nadu and West Bengal have three confirmed cases each. While one novel coronavirus-related death has been reported from Punjab, a person who tested positive for the infection was cured and discharged in Tamil Nadu.

With two confirmed cases each, Himachal Pradesh and Odisha continue to report some of the lowest cases in the country followed by Puducherry and Chhattisgarh each with only one confirmed case.

march 21:
Total number of positive cases in India: 323 as of March 21. Total deaths in India: 4 Karnataka: 1 Delhi: 1 Maharashtra: 1 Punjab: 1 States/UT with confirmed positive cases: Kerala: 52 (including 8 foreigners) Punjab: 14 Delhi: 20 (including on... Re....

Read more at: https://www.deccanherald.com/national/coronavirus-india-update-state-wise-total-number-of-confirmed-cases-deaths-812987.html

